Documentation Update: Capture `cloud`/ `backend` block override behavior in docs (#30649)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/files/override.mdx

constraint entirely replaces the constraints for the same component in the
original block. If both the base block and the override block both set
`required_version` then the constraints in the base block are entirely ignored.

> If a `cloud` block is set within the original configuration's `terraform` block and a `backend` block
> is set in the override file, then the backend specified by the `backend` block is used by Terraform upon merging.
> Similarly, if a `backend` block is set within the original configuration's `terraform` block
> and a `cloud` block is set in the override file, then the backend specified by the `backend` block is used by Terraform upon merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The presence of a `backend` block in either the original configuration or an override file always takes precedence over a [Terraform CLI integration `cloud` block](/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud). If a `cloud` block is set within the original configuration and a `backend` block is set in the override file, Terraform will use the backend specified in the override file upon merging. Similarly, if a `backend` block is set within the original configuration and a `cloud` block is set in the override file, Terraform will use the backend specified in the original configuration upon merging. 
```

Author: I like the additional sentence at the beginning, but it raised to me an error in the original documentation suggestion that I wrote. I've fixed that error, while incorporating your suggestion into the beginning.

Author: Also kept the write-up changes to occur over multiple lines, in order to match toughly the line lengths in the rest of the documentation.
